Subject: MarketBeat Daily Ratings Alert: Franco-Nevada Co. (Downgrade)
From: "MarketBeat.com (Analyst Ratings Network)" <newsletters@analystratings.net>
Date: 08-09-2015 03:04
To: <research@parthasen.net>
Reply-to: 
Franco-Nevada Co. (NYSE:FNV) was downgraded by analysts at Zacks from a "hold" rating to a "sell" rating. Previous closing price of $42.46. According to Zacks, "Franco-Nevada Corporation is a gold focused royalty and stream company with additional interests in platinum group metals and other resource assets. The Company's assets are mostly mineral and oil & gas royalties or streams but also include some working and equity interests, undeveloped properties, options to acquire royalties and other assets. The mineral assets are further characterized by commodity as being in the Gold, PGM or Other Minerals categories and these in turn are further subdivided by their project status as being either, Operating, Advanced or Exploration royalties. Majorities of the Mineral Royalties are characterized as being Gold and the majority of revenues are from gold operations. The Oil & Gas interests are located primarily in the Western Canadian sedimentary basin with a larger amount of revenue generated from conventional oil than from natural gas properties. Franco-Nevada Corporation is headquartered in Toronto, Canada. "

Read More:

    Zacks.com (Zacks Premium Subscription Required)
    Search for Additional Mentions of this Rating on Google and Bing



Click here to manage your stocks and newsletter settings.



If you have questions about your subscription, feel free to contact us via email at contact@marketbeat.com. Manage Your Mailing Preferences or Unsubscribe.
This message may contain commercial elements (advertising) and was sent on behalf of MarketBeat.com (Analyst Ratings Network), a division of American Consumer News, LLC.
© 2006-2015 American Consumer News, LLC. All Rights Reserved. 1401 S. Discovery Ave., Sioux Falls, SD 57106. United States.
